NuxtJS Migration guides to Astro (#2309)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-nuxtjs.mdx

## Key Differences between Nuxt and Astro

When you rebuild your Nuxt site in Astro, you will notice some important differences:

- [MPA vs SPA](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Nuxt is a Vue-based SPA (single-page application). Astro sites are multi-page apps built using `.astro` components, but can also support React, Preact, Vue.js, Svelte, SolidJS, AlpineJS, Lit and raw HTML templating.

- [Page Routing](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#file-based-routing): Nuxt uses `vue-router` for SPA routing, and `vue-meta` for managing `<head>`. In Astro, you will create separate HTML page routes and control your page `<head>` directly, or in a layout component.

- [Content-focus](/en/concepts/why-astro/): Astro was designed to excel at making content-focused sites. While Nuxt can do content-focused sites through `@nuxt/content`, an existing Nuxt app may be built for high client-side interactivity. Astro has built-in capabilities for working with your content, such as page generation, but it may be difficult to replicate items with complex shared state, such as dashboards, using `.astro` components.

## Convert your NuxtJS Project

> Each project migration will look different, but there are some common steps to follow when converting from Next.js to Astro. This page will get you started in the right direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each project migration will look different, but there are some common actions you will perform when converting from Nuxt to Astro.
```

### Convert Vue SFC pages to `.astro` files

Here are some tips for converting a Nuxt `.vue` component into a `.astro` component:

1. Use the `<template>` of the existing NuxtJS component function as the basis for your HTML template.

2. Change any [Nuxt or Vue syntax to Astro](#reference-convert-nuxtjs-syntax-to-astro) or to HTML web standards. This includes `<NextLink>`, `:class`, `{{variable}}`, and `v-if`, for example.

3. Move `<script>` JavaScript, into a "code fence" (`---`). Convert your component's data-fetching properties to server-side JavaScript - see [Nuxt data fetching to Astro](#nuxt-data-fetching-to-astro). 

4. Use `Astro.props` to access any additional props that were previously passed to your Vue component.

5. Decide whether any imported components also need to be converted to Astro. With the official integration installed, you can [use existing Vue components in your Astro file](/en/guides/integrations-guide/react/). But, you may want to convert them to Astro, especially if they do not need to be interactive!

> See [an example from a Nuxt app converted step-by-step](#guided-examples-see-the-steps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [an example from a Nuxt app converted step-by-step](#guided-example-see-the-steps).
```

### Migrating Pages and Posts

In NuxtJS, your [pages](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) live in `/pages`. In Astro, **all your page's content must live within `src/pages` or `src/content`**.

#### Vue Pages

Your existing Nuxt Vue (`.vue`) pages will need to be [converted from Vue files to `.astro` pages](#convert-vue-sfc-pages-to-astro-files). You cannot use an existing Vue page file in Astro.

These [`.astro` pages](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/) must be located within `src/pages/` and will have page routes generated automatically based on their file path.

##### Dynamic File Path Naming

In Nuxt, your dynamic pages use an underscore to represent a dynamic page property that's then passed to the page generation:

<FileTree>
- pages/
  - pokemon/
    - _name.vue
  - index.vue
- nuxt.config.js
</FileTree>

To convert to Astro, change this underscored dynamic path property (e.g. `_name.vue`) to be wrapped in a pair of square brackets (e.g. `[name].astro`):

<FileTree>
- src/
  - pages/
    - pokemon/
      - [name].astro
    - index.astro
- astro.config.mjs
</FileTree>

#### Markdown and MDX pages

> Astro has built-in support for Markdown and an optional integration for MDX files. You can reuse any existing Markdown and MDX pages, but they may require some adjustments to their frontmatter, such as adding [Astro's special `layout` frontmatter property](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdownmdx-layouts). You will no longer need to manually create pages for each Markdown-generated route or use an external package like `@nuxt/content`. These files can be placed within `src/pages/` to take advantage of automatic file-based routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro has built-in support for Markdown and an optional integration for MDX files. You can reuse any existing Markdown and MDX pages, but they may require some adjustments to their frontmatter, such as adding [Astro's special `layout` frontmatter property](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdownmdx-layouts). 

You will no longer need to manually create pages for each Markdown-generated route or use an external package like `@nuxt/content`. These files can be placed within `src/pages/` to take advantage of automatic file-based routing.
```

<a href="/blog">Blog</a>
```

Astro does not use any special component for links, although you are welcome to build custom link components. You can then import and use this `<Link>` just as you would any other component.

```astro title="src/components/Link.astro"
---
const { to } = Astro.props
---
<a href={to}><slot /></a>
```

### Nuxt Imports to Astro

If necessary, update any [file imports](/en/guides/imports/) to reference relative file paths exactly. This can be done using [import aliases](/en/guides/typescript/#import-aliases), or by writing out a relative path in full. 

Note that `.astro` and several other file types must be imported with their full file extension.

```astro title="src/pages/authors/Fred.astro" ".astro"
---
import Card from `../../components/Card.astro`;
---
<Card />
```

### Nuxt Dynamic Page Generation to Astro

In Nuxt, to generate a dynamic page you either must:

- Use SSR.
- [Use the `generate` function in `nuxt.config.js`](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-generate/) to define all possible static routes.

In Astro, you similarly have two choices: 
- [Use SSR](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/).

> - Export a `getStaticPaths` function in the frontmatter of an Astro page to tell the framework which [static routes to generate dynamically](/en/core-concepts/routing/#dynamic-routes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Export a `getStaticPaths()` function in the frontmatter of an Astro page to tell the framework which [static routes to generate dynamically](/en/core-concepts/routing/#dynamic-routes).
```

#### Convert a `generate` function in Nuxt to a `getStaticPaths` function in Astro.

To generate multiple pages, replace the function to create routes in your `nuxt.config.js` with `getStaticPaths()` directly inside a dynamic routing page itself:

```javascript title="nuxt.config.js"
{
	// ...
    generate: {
        async routes() {
          // Axios is required here unless you're using Node 18
          const res = await axios.get("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
          const pokemons = res.data.results;
          return pokemons.map(pokemon => {
            return '/pokemon/' + pokemon.name
          })
        }
      }
}

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
``` 

````

<script>
	// Your server logic here
</script>

<style scoped>
    .class {
        color: red;
    }
</style>
```

 Similarly, in Astro you can drop in a `<style>` element in your page's template to provide scoped styles to the component.

```astro title="src/pages/index.vue"
---
// Your server logic here
---

<style>
    .class {
        color: red;
    }
</style>
```

#### Global Styling

`<style>`  tags are `scoped` by default in Astro. To make a `<style>` tag global, mark it with the `is:global` attribute:

```astro title="src/pages/index.vue"
<style is:global> 
	p {
		color: red;
	}
</style>
```

#### Pre-processor support

[Astro supports the most popular CSS preprocessors](/en/guides/styling/#css-preprocessors) by installing them as a dev dependency. For example, to use SCSS:

```shell
npm install -D sass
```

After doing so, you're then able to use `.scss` or `.sass` styled without modification from your Vue components.

```astro title="src/layouts/Layout.astro"
<p>Hello, world</p>
<style lang="scss">
p {
   color: black;
   
   &:hover {
       color: red;
   }
}
</style>
```

See more about [Styling in Astro](/en/guides/styling/).

### Nuxt Image Plugin to Astro

> Convert any [Nuxt `<nuxt-img/>` or `<nuxt-picture/>` components](https://image.nuxtjs.org/components/nuxt-img) to [Astro's own image integration components](/en/guides/images/#astros-image-integration), or with a standard HTML `<img>`. See a [full list of component attributes](/en/guides/integrations-guide/image/#usage) available for Astro's `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components, and note that several will differ from Nuxt's attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert any [Nuxt `<nuxt-img/>` or `<nuxt-picture/>` components](https://image.nuxtjs.org/components/nuxt-img) to [Astro's own image integration components](/en/guides/images/#astros-image-integration), or to a standard HTML `<img>` tag. 

See a [full list of component attributes](/en/guides/integrations-guide/image/#usage) available for Astro's `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components, and note that several will differ from Nuxt's attributes. 
```

```astro title="src/pages/index.astro"
---
import { Image } from '@astrojs/image/components';
import localImage from "../images/brand/logo.png";
import rocket from '../images/rocket.svg';
---
<Image src={localImage} alt="The Astro Logo" />
<img src={rocket} alt="A rocketship in space.">
```

In Vue (`.vue`) components within your Astro app, use standard JSX image syntax (`<img />`). Astro will not optimize these images, but you can install and use NPM packages for more flexibility.

You can learn more about [using images in Astro](/en/guides/images/) in the Images Guide.

> ## Guided examples: See the steps!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Guided example: See the steps!
```

<!-- Or -->
<p :aria-label="message">...</p>
<!-- Also support component props -->
<Header title="Page"/>

<p aria-label={message}>...</p>
<!-- Also support component props -->
<Header title={"Page"}/>
```

### Nuxt Links to Astro

Convert any Nuxt `<NuxtLink to="">` components to HTML `<a href="">` tags. 

```astro del={1} ins={2}
<NuxtLink to="/blog">Blog</Link>
<a href="/blog">Blog</a>
```

Astro does not use any special component for links, although you are welcome to build custom link components. You can then import and use this `<Link>` just as you would any other component.

```astro title="src/components/Link.astro"
---
const { to } = Astro.props
---
<a href={to}><slot /></a>
```

### Nuxt Imports to Astro

If necessary, update any [file imports](/en/guides/imports/) to reference relative file paths exactly. This can be done using [import aliases](/en/guides/typescript/#import-aliases), or by writing out a relative path in full. 

Note that `.astro` and several other file types must be imported with their full file extension.

```astro title="src/pages/authors/Fred.astro" ".astro"
---
import Card from `../../components/Card.astro`;
---
<Card />
```

> ### Nuxt Dynamic Page Generation to Astro

Reviewer: We should probably also say in this section that you can use SSR in Astro. (And, specify that `getStaticPaths()` is the non-SSR option)

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/withastro/docs/pull/2309/files#r1121157055

In Nuxt, to generate a dynamic page you either must:

- Use SSR
- [Use the `generate` function in `nuxt.config.js` to define all possible static routes](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-generate/)

> In Astro, you must export a `getStaticPaths` function to tell the framework which routes it is expected to generate for a dynamic page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Astro, you similarly have two choices: you can [use SSR](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/), or you can export a `getStaticPaths` function to tell the framework which routes to generate for a dynamic page.
```

```javascript title="nuxt.config.js"
{
	// ...
    generate: {
        async routes() {
          // Axios is required here unless you're using Node 18
          const res = await axios.get("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
          const pokemons = res.data.results;

          return pokemons.map(pokemon => {
            return '/pokemon/' + pokemon.name
          })
        }
      }
}
```

This is replaced in Astro with a function that's located within the code block of your page itself:

```astro title="src/pages/pokemon/[name].astro"
---
export const getStaticPaths = async () => {
  const res = await fetch("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
  const resJson = await res.json();
  const pokemons = resJson.results;
  return pokemons.map(({ name }) => ({
      params: { name },
    }))
}

// ...
---

<!-- Your template here -->
```

### Nuxt Data Fetching to Astro

Nuxt has two methods of fetching server-side data:

- [`asyncData` options API](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/features/data-fetching/#async-data)
- [`fetch` hook](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/features/data-fetching/#the-fetch-hook)

> Astro simplifies this to simply fetch data inside of your page's code fence.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Astro, simply fetch data inside of your page's code fence.
```

Reviewer: Yes, but take out "simply"!  :)

Migrate the following:

```vue title="pages/index.vue"
{
  // ...
  async asyncData() {
    const res = await fetch("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
    const resJson = await res.json();
    const pokemons = resJson.results;
    return {
      pokemons,
    }
  },
}
```

To a code fence without a wrapper function:

```astro title="src/pages/index.astro"
---
const res = await fetch("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
const resJson = await res.json();
const pokemons = resJson.results;
---

<!-- Your template here -->
```

> ### Nuxt Styling to Astro

Reviewer: I would probably tighten this section up as these work the same? If we're focusing on what the migrating peep needs to do... then maybe it's nothing? In which case, I don't think we need a before/after comparison. Something more like just "both use style tags, so your existing Nuxt style tag doesn't have to change"

Reviewer 2: I think it's worth showing the examples.
In Nuxt, the style tag lives outside of the template. In Astro, it's part of it. And you don't have the `scoped` keyword in Astro - it's automatically scoped. Seeing the examples can cement both of these points.

Nuxt utilizes Vue's component styling to generate a page's style.

```vue title="pages/index.vue"
<template>
	<!-- Your template here -->
</template>

<script>
	// Your server logic here
</script>

<style scoped>
    .class {
        color: red;
    }
</style>
```

>  Similarly, in Astro you can drop in a `<style>` element in your page's template to style the component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Similarly, in Astro you can drop in a `<style>` element in your page's template to provide scoped styles to the component.
```

```astro title="src/pages/index.vue"
---
// Your server logic here
---

<style>
    .class {
        color: red;
    }
</style>
```

#### Global Styling

`<style>`  tags are `scoped` by default in Astro. To make a `<style>` tag global, mark it with the `is:global` attribute:

```astro title="src/pages/index.vue"
<style is:global> 
	p {
		color: red;
	}
</style>
```

#### Pre-processor support

> [Astro supports the most popular CSS preprocessors right out of the box](/en/guides/styling/#css-preprocessors) by installing them as a dev dependency. For example, to use SCSS you'd run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Astro supports the most popular CSS preprocessors](/en/guides/styling/#css-preprocessors) by installing them as a dev dependency. For example, to use SCSS you'd run:
```

```shell
npm install -D sass
```

After doing so, you're then able to use `.scss` or `.sass` styled without modification from your Vue components.

```astro title="src/layouts/Layout.astro"
<p>Hello, world</p>
<style lang="scss">
p {
   color: black;
   
   &:hover {
       color: red;
   }
}
</style>
```

See more about [Styling in Astro](/en/guides/styling/).

### Nuxt Image Plugin to Astro

Convert any [Nuxt `<nuxt-img/>` or `<nuxt-picture/>` components](https://image.nuxtjs.org/components/nuxt-img) to [Astro's own image integration components](/en/guides/images/#astros-image-integration), or with a standard HTML `<img>`. See a [full list of component attributes](/en/guides/integrations-guide/image/#usage) available for Astro's `<Image />` and `<Picture />` components, and note that several will differ from Nuxt's attributes. 

> ```astro title="src/pages/index.astro"

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it's worth it - it would just be a singular <nuxt-img> tag like:
```
 <nuxt-img src="/images/brand/logo.png" alt="The Astro Logo" />
```
They already know what `nuxt-img` looks like, and I don't want to construct an entire Vue component just to show this tag.

- Astro is [component-based](/en/core-concepts/astro-components/), and your markup structure will be similar before and after your migration.
- Astro has [an official integration for using Vue components](/en/guides/integrations-guide/vue/).
- Astro has support for [installing NPM packages](/en/guides/imports/#npm-packages), including Vue libraries. You may be able to keep some or all of your existing Vue components and dependencies.

## Key Differences between Nuxt and Astro

When you rebuild your Nuxt site in Astro, you will notice some important differences:

- [MPA vs SPA](/en/concepts/mpa-vs-spa/): Nuxt is a Vue-based SPA (single-page application). Astro sites are multi-page apps built using `.astro` components, but can also support React, Preact, Vue.js, Svelte, SolidJS, AlpineJS, Lit and raw HTML templating.

- [Page Routing](/en/core-concepts/astro-pages/#file-based-routing): Nuxt uses `vue-router` for SPA routing, and `vue-meta` for managing `<head>`. In Astro, you will create separate HTML page routes and control your page `<head>` directly, or in a layout component.

> - [Content-focus](/en/concepts/why-astro/): Astro was designed to excel at making content-focused sites. While Nuxt has the capability to do content-focused sites through `@nuxt/content`, an existing Nuxt app may be built for high client-side interactivity. Astro has built-in capabilities for working with your content, such as page generation, but it may be difficult to replicate items with complex shared state, such as dashboards, using `.astro` components.

Reviewer 3: Maybe a bit verbose?
```suggestion
- [Content-focus](/en/concepts/why-astro/): Astro was designed to excel at making content-focused sites. While Nuxt can do content-focused sites through `@nuxt/content`, an existing Nuxt app may be built for high client-side interactivity. Astro has built-in capabilities for working with your content, such as page generation, but it may be difficult to replicate items with complex shared state, such as dashboards, using `.astro` components.
```

You can pass a `--template` argument to the `create astro` command to start a new Astro project with one of our official starters (e.g. `docs`, `blog`, `portfolio`). Or, you can [start a new project from any existing Astro repository on GitHub](/en/install/auto/#starter-templates).

  <PackageManagerTabs>
    <Fragment slot="npm">
    ```shell
    # launch the Astro CLI Wizard 
    npm create astro@latest

    # create a new project with an official example
    npm create astro@latest -- --template <example-name>
    ```
    </Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="pnpm">
    ```shell
    # launch the Astro CLI Wizard 
    pnpm create astro@latest

    # create a new project with an official example
    pnpm create astro@latest --template <example-name>
    ```
    </Fragment>
    <Fragment slot="yarn">
    ```shell
    # launch the Astro CLI Wizard 
    yarn create astro@latest

    # create a new project with an official example
    yarn create astro@latest --template <example-name>
    ```
    </Fragment>
  </PackageManagerTabs>

Then, copy your existing Nuxt project files over to your new Astro project in a separate folder outside of `src`.

:::tip

> Visit https://astro.new for the full list of official starter templates, and links for opening a new project in StackBlitz, CodeSandbox or Gitpod.

Reviewer 3: Missing serial comma!
```suggestion
Visit https://astro.new for the full list of official starter templates, and links for opening a new project in StackBlitz, CodeSandbox, or Gitpod.
```

          <p>The repository you're looking up doesn't exist</p> :
          <>
                <Header />
                <p class="banner">Astro has {stars} 🧑‍🚀</p>
                <Footer />
            </> 
    }
    
    <style>
      .banner {
        background-color: #f4f4f4; 
        padding: 1em 1.5em;
        text-align: center;
        margin-bottom: 1em;
      }
    <style>
    ```
  </Fragment>
</AstroVueTabs>

### Migrating Layout Files

You may find it helpful to start by converting your Nuxt layouts and templates into [Astro layout components](/en/core-concepts/layouts/).

Each Astro page explicitly requires `<html>`, `<head>`, and `<body>` tags to be present. Your Nuxt `layout.vue` and templates will not include these.

Note the standard HTML templating, and direct access to `<head>`:  

```astro title="src/layouts/Layout.astro"
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <link rel="icon" type="image/svg+xml" href="/favicon.svg" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
    <title>Astro</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <!-- Wrap the slot element with your existing layout templating -->
    <slot />
  </body>
</html>
```

> You may also wish to reuse code from [your Nuxt's page's `head` property](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-head/#the-head-property) to include additional site meta data. Notice that Astro uses neither `vue-meta` nor a component's `head` property but instead creates `<head>` directly. You may import and use components, even within `<head>`, to separate and organize your page content.

Reviewer 3: I think here is "metadata"? Also to be consistent with the rest of the docs.
```suggestion
You may also wish to reuse code from [your Nuxt's page's `head` property](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-head/#the-head-property) to include additional site metadata. Notice that Astro uses neither `vue-meta` nor a component's `head` property but instead creates `<head>` directly. You may import and use components, even within `<head>`, to separate and organize your page content.
```

<!-- Also support component props -->
<Header title="Page"/>

<p aria-label={message}>...</p>
<!-- Also support component props -->
<Header title={"Page"}/>
```

### Nuxt Links to Astro

Convert any Nuxt `<NuxtLink to="">` components to HTML `<a href="">` tags. 

```astro del={1} ins={2}
<NuxtLink to="/blog">Blog</Link>
<a href="/blog">Blog</a>
```

Astro does not use any special component for links, although you are welcome to build custom link components. You can then import and use this `<Link>` just as you would any other component.

```astro title="src/components/Link.astro"
---
const { to } = Astro.props
---
<a href={to}><slot /></a>
```

### Nuxt Imports to Astro

If necessary, update any [file imports](/en/guides/imports/) to reference relative file paths exactly. This can be done using [import aliases](/en/guides/typescript/#import-aliases), or by writing out a relative path in full. 

Note that `.astro` and several other file types must be imported with their full file extension.

```astro title="src/pages/authors/Fred.astro" ".astro"
---
import Card from `../../components/Card.astro`;
---
<Card />
```

### Nuxt Dynamic Page Generation to Astro

> In Nuxt, to generate a dynamic page you either must:
> 
> - Use SSR
> - [Use the `generate` function in `nuxt.config.js` to define all possible static routes](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-generate/)
> 
> In Astro, you similarly have two choices: you can [use SSR](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/), or you can export a `getStaticPaths` function to tell the framework which routes to generate for a dynamic page.
> 
> Let's convert a `generate` function in Nuxt to a `getStaticPaths` function in Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Nuxt, to generate a dynamic page you either must:

- Use SSR.
- [Use the `generate` function in `nuxt.config.js`](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/configuration-glossary/configuration-generate/) to define all possible static routes.

In Astro, you similarly have two choices: 
- [Use SSR](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/server-side-rendering/).
- Export a `getStaticPaths` function in the frontmatter of an Astro page to tell the framework which [static routes to generate dynamically](/en/core-concepts/routing/#dynamic-routes).

#### Convert a `generate` function in Nuxt to a `getStaticPaths` function in Astro.
```

> In combination with a Nuxt page `/pages/pokemon/_name.vue`, the following function in `nuxt.config.js` generates a page for each Pokémon:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following function in `nuxt.config.js` generates a page for each Pokémon:
```

> Assuming you have a Nuxt page called `/pages/pokemon/_name.vue` that you want to generate for each Pokémon, you would have the following function in your `nuxt.config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In combination with a Nuxt page `/pages/pokemon/_name.vue`, the following function in `nuxt.config.js` generates a page for each Pokémon:
```

```javascript title="nuxt.config.js"
{
	// ...
    generate: {
        async routes() {
          // Axios is required here unless you're using Node 18
          const res = await axios.get("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
          const pokemons = res.data.results;

          return pokemons.map(pokemon => {
            return '/pokemon/' + pokemon.name
          })
        }
      }
}
```

This is replaced in Astro with a function that's located within the code block of your page itself:

```astro title="src/pages/pokemon/[name].astro"
---
export const getStaticPaths = async () => {
  const res = await fetch("https://pokeapi.co/api/v2/pokemon?limit=151")
  const resJson = await res.json();
  const pokemons = resJson.results;
  return pokemons.map(({ name }) => ({
      params: { name },
    }))
}

// ...
---

<!-- Your template here -->
```

### Nuxt Data Fetching to Astro

Nuxt has two methods of fetching server-side data:

- [`asyncData` options API](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/features/data-fetching/#async-data)
- [`fetch` hook](https://nuxtjs.org/docs/features/data-fetching/#the-fetch-hook)

> In Astro, simply fetch data inside of your page's code fence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro, fetch data inside of your page's code fence.
```
